1. Variable Types vs Object Types
2. instanceof and casting
3. java.lang.Object (equals,clone, toString)
4. Abstract methods vs empty methods
5. Abstract class - UML diagram
6. Interface: methods and attributes
7. Interface - Use of the implements
8. Interface/Abstract class as data Types
9. Comparison between Abstract class vs Interface
10. Comparator vs Comparable
11. static methods are never inherited.

-----------------------------
Inheritance 7: Variable types and Object types
1. Understand that Java is a strongly typed language and that both variables and 
   instances have types.
2. Understand that it is possible for a variable of superclass type to be able to 
   store the address of an object of child class type (but not the other way round). 
   You cannot use that variable to call a method defined in the child class though, 
   unless that method already exists in the super class.

Inheritance 8: instanceof and Class Casting
1. Use the “instanceof” operator/keyword in Java to check if an instance is of a 
   particular type or NOT of a particular type
2. Perform class casting using the cast operator () in order to call the methods of 
   an object that is being referred to by a variable of its super class.

Inheritance 9: Overriding equals
1. Understand why you may want to override the equals method inherited from 
   java.lang.Object to provide “custom” equality comparison
2. (Read the slides) Able to provide the correct overriding code for the 
   toString and clone methods.

Inheritance 10: Abstract methods
1. Know that methods can be categorized as concrete methods and abstract methods
2. Understand the implications when a method is declared abstract
3. Understand the difference between an “empty” method body (as in the case of a 
   concrete method with no statements between the opening and closing curly braces) 
   and no method body (as in the case of an abstract method)
4. Know that abstract methods can only exist in an abstract class (not a concrete class)

Inheritance 11: Abstract classes
1. Know that an abstract class cannot be instantiated but may contain both abstract 
   or/& concrete methods
2. Abstract classes are also new data types. (Declare a variable of type abstract class)
3. Understand that abstract method inherited to a child class must be overridden 
   if you want the child class to be a concrete class, because concrete classes 
   cannot contain abstract methods.
4. Be able to depict an abstract class or method in a UML diagram by italicizing 
   the class/method names.

Inheritance 12: Interfaces
1. Use the “interface” keyword to declare an interface. Use the “implements” keyword 
   to implement an interface.
2. Be able to depict an interface in a UML class diagram by using the “<<interface>>” 
   stereotype.  Be able to depict “implementing” an interface using the dotted-line 
   arrow in a UML diagram.
3. Understand that you cannot instantiate an interface, but you can declare a variable 
   of the interface type
4. Understand that a class can implement any number of interfaces, and the implications 
   of implementing an interface for the child class.
5. Be able to do a comparison between interfaces and abstract classes
6. Know that all methods in an interface are implicitly public and abstract 
   (even if you don’t declare them using these keywords)
7. Know that all attributes in an interface are implicitly public, static and 
   final (even if you don’t declare them using these keywords)